Add info about ModelAwareTrait::loadModel() deprecation. (#7232)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-3-migration-guide.rst

ORM
---

- ``ModelAwareTrait::loadModel()`` is deprecated. Use the new ``LocatorAwareTrait::fetchTable()`` instead.

>   So for e.g. in controllers you can do ``$this->fetchTable()` to get the default table instance or use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, in controllers you can do ``$this->fetchTable()` to get the default table instance or use
```
e.g. means "for example" so don't need `for`.

>   For example, in controllers you can do ``$this->fetchTable()` to get the default table instance or use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For example, in controllers you can do ``$this->fetchTable()`` to get the default table instance or use
```
